You're looking at live pictures from
Beijing. China is marking 80 years since
the end of World War II with a show of
power, an elaborate military parade
showcasing new weapons and a bold
display of its growing diplomatic
influence.
You're watching the China show. I'm
Annabelle Drooers and we're counting
down as well to the market opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
And I'm Y Ivon Mang coming to you live
from the BMP Paraba Global Markets Apac
Conference in Hong Kong. And let's us
really talk about what's in store here.
Bel, we're expected to hear from
President Xi any moment now really. And
it's a really crucial moment coming back
out of the SEO and really showing his
diplomatic sort of clout to now this
military parade and showing Beijing's
capabilities and the military side of
things. You know, there's been social
media that's been rampant and military
experts really looking at the satellite
images of late of what sort of tech,
what sort of hardware China is going to
showcase today.
That's right. I mean, there could be a
lot of different weaponry and equipment
in the parade perhaps being seen for the
first time. The big question as well,
what are the capabilities and what sort
of show of force will that be? not just
against the US but also as it of course
attempts to even uh recruit new buyers
for its equipment as well. But let's
cross to Beijing now because we have our
chief North Asia correspondent Steven
Angel standing by at the parade for us.
So Steve, set the scene. What exactly is
going on on the ground?
>> Yeah. So I'm in the north stands just
slightly a skew from the Mao painting at
the Tenaman gate across the street of
course from Teneaman Square and we're
getting the uh several gun salute right
now as we've had a number of different
patriotic songs being sung uh just after
Xiinping and Vladimir Putin and Kim
Jong-un and other dignitaries heads of
state who are invited and are here
arrived at the top of the uh wall there
entering the forbidden city. You're
seeing right now uh the continuing gun
salute followed by the marching of the
soldiers. We're likely to get again a
speech from Xinping in the coming
minutes uh in 2015, the last time they
held such a parade where I was here as
well. She announced that big uh
restructuring of the people's liberation
army. uh and we'll be listening to any
kind of more changes uh that he might
announce today in addition to of course
marking uh the 80th anniversary of the
end of World War II and showing the
world that China along with the Soviet
Union/Russia also contributed to the
victory over the Japanese and the uh
fascists in Europe. So it it's a it's a
multi-pronged
different parade from a historical
perspective but also a way for Xiinping
to show the modern military that they
have built uh and uh going forward that
they are a diplomatic force to be
reckoned with following the SEO in
Tenzhen.
Steve, in terms of the weaponry, tell
us, you know, obviously there's been
satellite images during the rehearsals
and people are really kind of looking at
what may be showcased here. Just walk us
what we might be actually seeing today.
>> Well, China definitely is spending
heavily to modernize its military. It's
also now not only just for the domestic
military, but it's the fourth largest
arms exporter. Uh it's a prolific
developer of hypersonic missiles like
the DF17 with its hypersonic glide
vehicle that will likely uh we're
hearing uh from sources that that could
be on display today. Also the ICBMs uh
like the Dongfang or the DF-41, the
solid fuel ICBM with a 15,000 kilometer
range that can hit just about any
strategic target across the Pacific. The
West Coast uh is is about half that
distance away. So uh again it's um a
show of force and a show of modernity
modernity here uh in Beijing. Cruise
missiles will be seeing uh like the
YJ15, the YJ17, the YJ19 is the first
hypersonic uh you know cruise missile
that will be on display. And the the
latest one is the YJ21.
And probably what everybody is looking
for are they attack and reconnaissance
drones, loyal wingmen as they're called,
uh designed to team up with man
fighters. Uh this GJ11
or sharp sword uh for strike missions.
Uh it teams up with the J28 stealth
fighters. So that's something uh that is
likely to be on display here as well.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, China's drone
capabilities are really second to none
on on the global stage. You mentioned
that 2015 announcement from Shei around
that restructuring of the army, the
reduction of the troops, but also I mean
the purge has continued in recent years.
So what can we expect in terms of the
personnel who will be there today and
perhaps who will be missing on the
stage?
>> Well, the person who will most likely be
missing, I didn't have a chance to see
the the footage of the cameras panning
down the aisle there of all the leaders
and whether Hu Dong was in attendance.
I'm guessing he probably was not. He's
the vice chair of the central military
commission. Uh he has been uh out of
public view for quite some time. No
official reason given yet for his
extended absence. Uh he may indeed
though be the highest casualty of this
expanding military corruption probe. She
has already ousted about a fifth of the
generals that he appointed over the last
two and a half uh terms in office. Keep
in mind his predecessors Hu Juntow and
Jang Zamin, they didn't remove any of
their generals during their two terms in
office. So it's an interesting um you
know development as Xiinping really
relies on the military to show project
power and to project mo you know the
modern state of the Chinese uh military
and economy. You know it was Ma Dong who
said political power grows out of the
barrel of a gun and he's been using that
power to bring discipline to the ranks.
Lee Shan Fu was removed as defense uh
minister. uh Wei Fan Hu was removed as
defense minister. Liao Hua was the
senior admiral for the PLA Navy. He has
been removed. The rocket force commander
Liu Chao, he has been replaced. So he's
not um he's he he's quite serious about
discipline within the PLA.
Steve, the the visuals have been quite
remarkable and it really has been a very
sort of interesting sort of week when it
comes to diplomat diplomacy, right?
Whether you see what has happened in SEO
with Putin, Modi, and she uh you know,
speaking together to now in this red
carpet that's been laid out for Kim
Jong-un sitting next to President Xi and
Vladimir Putin. walk us through the
optics here and really the message that
it's sending to the world particularly
the Trump administration.
>> Well, it's the message is that China has
had has built a coalition of powerful
economies and powerful militaries uh
that can counter as well the global
world order led by the United States.
That's the message but that be is yet to
be seen. Um, Xiinping is about to be
speaking and I'm being told to be quiet
now.
[Applause]
>> All right.
>> So, we have Steven Angel, our chief
North Asia correspondent on the ground
there in Beijing for us. We are awaiting
President Xi to speak. Of course, this
military parade, the big focus on it.
Nvon, we were just talking about the
colorful images that we're seeing here
today, but undoubtedly this is a huge
show of force uh for for China on the
global spa stage. This is a the event
that marks the 80th anniversary of the
end of World War II in China. You can
see President Xi at the podium here.
Let's listen in.
>> Your Excellencies, heads of state and
government and representatives of
international organizations,
distinguished guests
are officers and soldiers participating
in the parade. Comrades and friends,
today we gather here to solemnly
commemorate the 80th anniversary of the
victory of the Chinese people's war of
resistance against the Japanese
aggression and the world anti-fascist
war.
It is an occasion for us to remember
history,
honor fallen heroes, cherish peace, and
create a better future.
>> On behalf of the central committee of
the Communist Party of China, the
National People's Congress, the State
Council,
the National Committee of the Chinese
People's Political Consolidative
Conference, and the Central Military
Commission,
I would like to pay high tribute to our
veteran soldiers and comrades, patriots
and officers who fought in a war of
resistance against Japanese aggression
and to the Chinese nationals from home
and abroad who made important
contributions to our victory.
I would also like to express my sincere
thanks to
foreign governments
and friends that supported and assisted
the Chinese people in resisting
aggression.
I also extend a warm welcome
>> to our guests from around the world who
are with us today
comrades and friends.
The Chinese people's war of resistance
against the Japanese aggression was the
great war fought with tenacity and
valor.
Under the banner of the National United
Front Against Japanese aggression
established at the initiative of the
Communist Party of China, the Chinese
people stood up to fight the formidable
enemy with an iron wheel and formed a
great war with flesh and blood to defend
the nation and ultimately achieved the
first complete victory in resisting
foreign aggression in modern times.
The Chinese people's war of resistance
against the Japanese aggression was an
important part of the world anti-fascist
war.
With huge national sacrifice, the
Chinese people made major contributions
to saving human civilization and
safeguarding world peace.
History cautions us
that humanity rises and falls together.
Only when all countries and nations
treat each other as equals, coexist in
peace and support each other, can we
uphold common security,
eradicate the root cause of war, and
prevent the the reoccurrence of
historical tragedies,
comrades and friends.
The Chinese nation is the great nation
that is never intimidated by any bullies
and always values independence and
forges ahead.
In the past, when faced with critical
struggles between good and evil, light
and darkness, progress and reaction, the
Chinese people
rally together to defy the enemy.
They fought for the survival of the
country, for the rejuvenation of the
Chinese nation and for justice of the
whole humanity.
Today,
humanity again has to choose between
peace and war, dialogue and
confrontation,
win-win cooperation and zero sum game.
The Chinese people firmly stand on the
right side of history and the progress
of human civilization.
We will remain committed to the path of
peaceful development and join hands with
all peoples around the world and
building a community with a shared
future for humanity.
The Chinese People's Liberation Army has
been and will always be the heroic armed
forces that the party and the people can
fully trust and rely on.
All service members should faithfully
perform their sacred duties, speed up
the building of a worldclass military,
and firmly safeguard China's
sovereignty, unity, and territorial
integrity.
All service members should provide
strategic support for the great
rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and
make greater contributions to the peace
and development of the world.
History carries the election of the past
and inspires the future.
on a new journey in a new era. The
Chinese people of all ethnic groups
should under the strong leadership of
the communist party of China
follow Marxism linism
thoughting
theory.
The theory of three represents
and the scientific outlook and
development
and fully implement the thoughts on
socialism with Chinese characteristics
for the new era.
We should stay firmly on a path of
socialism with Chinese characteristics
and carry forward the great spirit of
the war of resistance.
We should press the head with enterprise
and resolve and advance the unity the
cost of building China into a great
country on all fronts and realizing
great national rejuvenation through
China's modernization.
[Applause]
The great rejuvenation of the Chinese
nation is irresistible. The noble cause
of peace and development of humanity
will prevail.
>> The military parade now begins.
>> Markers in position.
The parade guards mark positions and
boundaries at the parade ground. 60
soldiers will line up in front of the
eastern and western ornament columns on
the Telman Square.
marching with.
>> Well, that was President Xi there
speaking as the military parade gets
underway this morning. This is the event
that marks the end or the 80th
anniversary of the end of World War II.
We have the military parade that has
just begun this morning following that
speech from President Xi. Very big focus
on the weaponry at this event. Many of
it could be seen for the first time. And
the big question on the capabilities of
that weaponry as well, including
hypersonic missiles for instance, laser
beams, anti-satellite capabilities.
We'll have much more coverage on that.
Subscribers of course can turn to their
terminal. Type go is the function for
the latest updates plus commentary
analysis from our expert editors. Now,
just in the last few minutes as well,
we've had President Trump. He's also
wished President Xi a great and lasting
day of celebration. So that is that is
President Xi or President Trump rather
posting a message to President Xi as we
said this military parade in terms of
the markets this morning. Let's just
take a look at what's happening here
with pre-market. We see a little bit of
upside so far across the board. I mean
not really expecting perhaps too much uh
downside pressure today given this major
focus on what happens with the parade.
We do see of course China preferring to
see markets at least uh trading sideways
if not higher around these major events
in the country but that is the state of
play there. Some of the big themes we're
tracking of course is is wealthier
Chinese people also getting back in to
so-called snowball derivatives. So
riskier bets also coming into markets as
well. Asex China let's take a look at
that this morning as well because
there's been a couple of different
themes that we're tracking this morning.
Firstly uh we can take a look at TSMC
there. you can see just come online in
the last 20 minutes or so. But TSMC is a
little bit in the in the red this
morning off 1.3%. The story here of
course is that the US has revoked its
ability to send semiconductor making
equipment to its site in Nanjing. This
is in mainland China of course not seen
as having much such a big impact on on
TSMC though. Other things we're tracking
it's really that big focus on what's
happening in global bonds this morning.
We're continuing to see these moves. The
Treasury for instance 30-year one close
to that 5% mark. So the global bond
round is the major major theme for
market participants this morning. Avon
as well.
>> Yeah, I mean when you talk about that US
30-year yield approaching or getting
close to 5%. It really started in
Europe, right? What we saw in the UK
with the pound dropping uh and now
you're seeing now in France too where
spreads German boons are basically the
widest we've seen all year. Now it does
leave once again concerns about the
fiscal side of things globally around
the world as well and we're seeing that
now hit the Asia session once again here
today and and timely enough right be
prepar Global Markets APAC conference is
underway we're live here at the Four
Seasons Hotel here in Hong Kong and
really is bringing together some of the
leading investors policy makers and
corporate executives and the big theme
here is make Europe great again so
perfect time to talk to Brian McCaffen
Kapen impact deputy head of bull markets
at BM Baraba. He joins us here to kick
off of course this conference and very
timely one. Brian, it's really great to
have you back as well. Um I take a look
at what's going on in the bond market
and there seems to be a lot of questions
about the vigilantes are back and once
again concerns in the UK and France. It
it how are you kind of navigating this
sort of bot environment now?
>> Sure I thank you. Great to have you here
with us. um was what we're doing here
today. Uh we've got many many clients
who've joined us to talk about that very
topic and behind me Bruno La Mer is
talking earnestly with Luigi who was
with you yesterday. Um we're
constructive on Europe. Um we uh we find
the fundamentals positive, benign,
steady growth, interest rates that have
come down dramatically, but we're really
encouraged by client interest and client
flows. Uh sort of what you see going on
behind us. It's clear that clients all
over the world are looking for
alternatives for US assets, US bonds.
And so that ddollarization
uh process is lending a lot of support
uh as clients look for things to buy and
sure yields are rising and there's a
little instability in the stock market.
We had some political instability in
France obviously.
>> Yeah.
>> But that's not deterring the interest
and we see it dayto-day and I think
clients are going to look through that.
they're going to see steady strong value
and they're going to come in and start
to buy assets. And uh one interesting
point to note is uh I was looking at
some of our flow data.
>> Yeah.
>> This year allocations to global hedge
funds have been overwhelmingly in favor
of European strategies.
>> Um and we can see that in the stock
market it's up 20%. Right.
>> Better than US right now. Yeah,
>> it is. So it's performed well despite
these worries and we think it's going to
carry on performing well. If if the US
30-year yield hits 5% if it does, you
know, what does what does that signal to
the world to to bond investors out there
and and to markets? You think
>> bond investors are worried about
political instability. They're worried
about the indebtedness obviously of uh
large central banks, global economies.
That's true of the US. It's true of
Europe. It's true in Japan.
>> Um
and of course in some of those markets,
interest rates look set to fall sharply.
for example, maybe the US will see yield
curves steepen further.
>> But again,
>> yeah,
>> what we see on the ground is clients
looking for value. And when I come back
to that Europe story, it's overwhelming.
And so we play a big role in helping
them find those pockets of value. It's
what we're talking about here today.
>> Where are those pockets of value now? I
mean, people talk about defense stocks,
for example, but it looks like it's
beyond that. This theme that you guys
are really exploring now. Yeah, I think
defense stocks and the fiscal boost that
Europe's um enjoying has probably yet to
play through. Um and so there'll be
continued performance in the European
equity markets as that as that takes
hold. Um
and um and and of course the bond market
is now offering yields not just in oats
or buns but also in the peripherals is
offering yields that clients are
interested in and uh and I think we're
going to see that continue to support
the market um as as uh as we go forward
>> as a European lender. I'm I'm guessing
you are kind of benefiting from these
kind of political geopolitical
crosswinds here and what's happening in
the US as well. I'm just wondering in
terms of a business perspective, does it
change the strategy overall on on where
you deploy money, people, and the like?
Now,
>> we're always guided by the client
interest. Um, we're sitting here in
Asia. Um, the China story is very
interesting.
>> Uh, we're guided by that and we play a
role not just bringing Europe to clients
in the region, but we also bring, for
example, China to our clients outside of
the region. And there are many many
reasons to be very very constructive
about the China story at the moment
which of course leads us to invest a
little more spend a little more time
capital whatever you want to call it uh
in our businesses here and uh that's a
that's a topic we're going to talk about
later today with Dr. Lee and I'm sure
it's going to be a very lively session.
I think it was a year ago you were
speaking to my colleague Steve about you
know your it's a gradual and cautious
expansion into mainland you have you
know multiple JVS there
>> has that changed that sentiment given
what we're seeing in in equity markets
and this resurgence in animal spirits in
the mainland now
>> um we're pretty happy with the strategy
you're right Steven did ask us about
that and how we were hiring and and as I
explained we're we're a European bank.
We're not an American bank, so we do
things cautiously. Um, but cautiously
proved to be quite solid and we've
increased our presence. We've increased
our footprint, our share of market. Um,
the range of products that we're
offering clients and and we've been
fortunate that the story, the backdrop,
the China story as you've just referred
to, um, has continued to gain momentum.
There are many many reasons to believe
that that's going to carry on and we're
going to carry on leaning into that uh
to serve the clients that we talk to out
here uh in the coming months. But we do
feel quite constructive about China at
the moment.
>> There's a lot of talk about, you know,
comparing this rally to 2015. There's it
this equity rally that seems to be at
odds with what's going on on the ground
economically and the fundamentals as
well. I mean, what is sort of the the
message that and and the client
conversations that you're having now
>> with with people that are maybe getting
a little bit more interested in in
investing in China?
>> It's it's a great question and there are
a number of key things. So, um in no
particular order, first of all,
liquidity.
>> Yeah.
>> Savings on shore as you know have uh
recovered dramatically in the last 18
months. It's a great component of the
market. Southbound flows as a result of
that are very very robust.
Hong Kong still liquidity but the price
of money interest rates in chi in Hong
Kong have been extremely low. That's
encouraging investment opportunities. So
liquidity is a big one. I think the
second one is the lack of alternatives.
You know if you're investing in the
region, China government bonds are
hovering around 1.6%.
Equities look pretty good. Um the third
is returns
>> and those returns can be capital gain,
they can be uh dividends and we see two
different stories there. On the mainland
it's a little bit more of the dividend
income story where we're seeing broader
>> China a u performance.
>> Yeah.
>> Here in Hong Kong it's been tech story.
So it's capital gains.
>> So both perspectives seem to be very
very constructive I think. Do you still
see a bit of a a gap between maybe
interest into Chinese stocks versus
actual portfolio allocation right now?
>> I think the I think the the the biggest
gap that we've seen is global investors
rather than investors in region.
Investors in region are in
>> global investors for different reasons
have been a little slower to come back
to this story. But they're now looking
at this for a couple of obvious reasons.
One derization. They're looking for
investment opportunities away from the
dollar block. So go why we're here. Um
two valuations
PS stock valuations in China look still
very despite the rally still look very
very good compared to the compared to
the global valuations. And the last one
is um non-correlation. Although Chinese
assets are moving with global stock
markets in recent months the last 24
months they've been a non-correlated
asset. If you've got a global portfolio
and you don't have non-correlated assets
in it, you're at risk of
underperforming.
>> Um,
>> so I think we see that foreign interest
come back.
>> Before I go, um, can you tell a little
more about you said maybe, you know,
hiring wise, where are you looking to
hire in Asia in particular? I mean,
where do you see the potential to really
make an impact in the region?
>> Yeah, so we're we we've got a lot of
emphasis on building out our equity
platform. And so you'll see us add
incrementally into our equity platform
in this region including onshore China,
Hong Kong, Singapore. It's a big big
part of the BMP parabas story. Our sales
team needs to grow because look how many
clients come to see us. So we need to
find ways to talk to them and uh so
we're generally uh adding to our sales
force across the region across all
assets but uh we
>> how many jobs can you tell us or
anything that
>> it's hard to calibrate that to be
honest. I'm not trying to be evasive.
It's just hard to calibrate it. But
you'll see us in positive territory
hiring in the region for the foreseeable
future.
>> Brian, it's great to have you. Thanks so
much for kicking off our coverage here
at the PMV Paraba Global Markets
Conference there. Brian McCaffen, APAC
deputy head of global markets at PMV
Paraba. And we'll also be talking to a
whole plethora of guests here this
morning. Henderson Land CFO. He's going
to be joining us here on expectations
for the second half of this year along
with his insights on the state of Hong
Kong's property market. Andrew Fong is
will be joining us this hour as well.
Bel.
>> Yeah, Von, really great interview there
and of course a lot more coming up. We
are just getting into the the market
open here this morning because we will
be having that big focus. I mean the the
parade of course is ongoing. We've just
seen images of President Xi going along
in his motorcade to inspect the troops,
hearing reports as well that he's
calling out to the to the soldiers
calling them comrades of course and also
you're seeing that post there from
President Trump. Just to give you some
more context on that, yes, he did wish
President Xi a great and lasting day of
celebration, but he also called out
Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, and told
them that they're conspiring against the
United States of America. So, that is
actually the full post and the full
context of of President Trump's post on
on his social media channels. Let's take
a look at what's happening with the
markets this morning because we've just
got the mainland absor coming online and
and so far in the session today we're
actually expecting to see some upside uh
as we get into the trading day. You can
see here a lot of green really across
the board in terms of the things that
we're watching. I mean the military
parade may not be such a big one for
trading activity but we're certainly
continuing to monitor southbound flows.
We saw more moves into Alibaba for
instance in the session yesterday. Uh
what else we're tracking is is this
snowball derivative story, but just
these signals that we're starting to see
that that investors, particularly
wealthier investors, are prepared to
take on riskier bets in the market
there. You can see as well that focus on
metals because you're seeing the likes
of crude, iron or copper all rising more
than 1% at the start of the day. But
let's take a look as well what's
happening in Hong Kong today because you
are again seeing optimism here across
the board. You've got the hang tech for
instance nearly 1% higher today. But you
are seeing Alibaba 10 cent building into
another straight day of gains. Uh big
focus of course on what's happening in
the semiconductor space because
overnight for instance you had the US
repealing TSMC's ability to to send
chipm equipment to to its site in
Naning. That's not seeing as having too
much of a bearing on TSMC. The company
itself really had more of an impact on
on Samsung SKH that have more operations
in mainland China. But still TSMC has
been a little bit under pressure and
you're seeing those those local chip
manufacturers the likes of SMIC for
instance Huah Huang a bit in the green.
What else we're taking a look at is
what's happening with robotic stocks
today uh given that you've got Uni Tree
which is really regarded as if not the
leader one of a a leader in in the China
humanoids robot space but they posted on
X overnight saying that they are looking
ahead to a mainland listing. uh they're
expecting to to submit their filing as
soon as next month. No details yet on
which uh boards they're choosing in
particular for that. What else we're
seeing is is the robotic stocks uh given
you've got this report out from JP
Morgan and they have raised their price
targets for a range of Chinese factory
automation robotics names under their
coverage. They're really seeing improved
uh sector outlook but also accelerating
innovation that we see from these
companies as well. EV space uh because
we're still continuing to track earnings
this morning. But NEO uh we are seeing
that stock in the green today. It did
actually report a second quarter loss,
but it narrowed from the previous
quarter and its vehicle gross margin
also improved. So maybe starting to see
some scale benefits and more of a
favorable product mix and that helped to
offset of course the significant
promotions or discounts that we've seen
across the space or the EV space auto
space in China. Well, let's take a look
as well at shares of Chinese fighter jet
makers, robotics companies and other
defense related firms that are in the
spotlight. Uh that's as the nation holds
a military parade as we've been saying
in Beijing this morning. So for more
what investors are focusing on, let's
get to our Asia equities reporter Winnie
Shu joining us. So Winnie, I mean yes,
it's it's that big focus on on China's
military prowess, it's it self-reliancy
as well. What are you expecting in terms
of trading activity today? Yeah. So,
usually as we saw in 2015 as well
leading up to the parade actually there
is a lot of excitement and usually the
stocks will will be going up but
afterwards after this parade usually we
might see a bit of a correction a bit of
kind of um like a profit taking because
of how catalyst have been priced in
already. So that might be the trend that
we'll be seeing um in the next uh few
sessions. However, today the sentiment
is still pretty strong because we're
expecting to see what kind of new
equipment upgrades, what kind of new
technologies are going to be rolled out.
So, a couple sectors that people are
really focusing on, for example, the
jets, right? We saw that being
highlighted during the IndiaPakistan
conflict. So, that stock actually was up
about 50% so far this year. And when you
look at the broader sector CSI defense
index up 22% um outperforming that
overall index of about 14%. So people
are really very excited about what's
going to be happening um in these
different areas and also other um shares
that we'll be watching is um are the
areas for example the drones, the
missiles and also the armor
manufacturers. So all linked to showing
kind of the military um technologies um
around these areas and another key part
that we'll be looking at is the
artificial intelligence. So if companies
are able to kind of simulate battles for
example and also um if robotics are also
going to come into play.
>> Yeah. And actually robotics of course
big focus a few different headlines. You
got the Uni Tree listing. You've got
Tesla really doubling down on its
Optimus as well. And then you've got
those upgrades from JP Morgan. What
about this other story? Because this
one's very well read this morning about
China's rich returning to risky snowball
derivatives. I mean, we've seen this
before. So, last time there was a lot of
concern. What's happening right now?
Yeah, I think this is actually like you
said a very exciting story here because
it's showing that sentiment is really
coming back and that first of all when
we take a step back why have these um
kind of rich investors being coming into
the derivatives is because of the lack
of alternatives. The property market is
not doing great and also the low
interest rate. So the this um snowball
derivative became kind of like an
attractive option here. But we really
needed that rally to be the prerequisite
for this uh derivative to look even more
attractive. Right? So because of a rally
we saw um some of these derivatives kind
of um into the the knockout um the got
into the knockout and that handed
investors for example 18% of returns if
they invested in this CSI thousand um
related products. So they are actually
using that money further to invest in
more snowball derivatives and that's
what we're seeing right now. So overall
it's showing that uh the s the risk
sentiment is really coming back up and
that investors are willing to not just
invest in the cash um equities but also
uh leveraging up and we saw that with
that record of um margin trading that we
saw just recently right so it's really
showing that the momentum is here and
that's why we're expecting that this
liquiditydriven rally still has a bit
more upside to come
>> Winnie thanks very much for joining us
this morning that was our Asia equities
reporter Got a winning shoe there. If we
really mark what investors are going to
be watching for as this military parade
continues in Beijing this morning, you
can see these live shots here, that big
focus on the weaponry and the kinds of
of different devices, military devices
that are going to be on display across
the day. But we'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Since the founding of the People's
Republic of China in 1949, the PLA has
also undertaken the tasks of national
defense and socialist construction while
transforming itself into a more
revolutionary and
we are continuing our coverage at the PM
Barab Global Markets APAC conference
here and joining me next exclusively is
Andrew Fong, CFO of Henderson Land, a
leading property developer here in the
city. Andrew, it's a pleasure to have
you on the show.
>> The money,
>> it's busy. We hear, you know,
conferences are coming back into town.
You have IPO markets that have been on a
tear. Turnover in this equity market has
been also just so robust.
>> What are you seeing on the ground right
now in terms of sentiment?
>> I think the sentiment has improved quite
a lot this year. uh you see the
conference here and that's a lot of
international conference uh for the
first half of this year and uh while
this hotel is uh uh occupancy way is
coming back to uh PCO period so that way
is good uh uh I think compared to uh the
overall uh retail uh uh the IFC mall for
example is 3% up
>> in the first half uh although the
overall picture of shopping are still uh
pretty uh challenging. Uh I think is the
the market average is minus 3% in first
half. Okay. Yeah. So you said IFC is a
bit of exception. You said as if it's a
special but um what does it tell you
about the office market recovery? You
know you obviously have two new projects
that have been just laid out whether
there's the Henderson which is I believe
80% leased. You have tenants like 72
that have joined. Uh just across the
street you have the new waterfront site,
three projects as well.
>> And Jane Street just took up what 70% of
the office space there.
>> Are we likely to see the you know the
beginnings of the commercial office
market coming back?
>> Uh is yes or no. I think uh uh first
because in the central there have been
very few new sites for many years. So uh
uh these uh new buildings uh actually
are offering uh these new tenants uh
tailormade uh designs they come in
before it's completed. So we can build
whatever they want. So uh that is one uh
one point that uh that the the central
the new buildings are doing quite well.
Uh but in general I think commercial
real estates are still really
challenging. they still are over
supplying most of the uh uh uh second
tier CBDs. So let's see. I I come I'm
I'm not that uh I'm pretty neutral on uh
commercial real estate.
>> So you're not seeing a rush of tenants
to fill those vacancies for the rest of
the year or even 2026. Well, I would say
we see actually hedge funds have been
hedge funds or some uh uh uh alternate
funds are coming back to Hong Kong. You
see in the Henderson in the Henderson
most of the autoy are uh are funds.
There's no uh no banks there.
>> Yeah.
>> Of course, we have Christy there too.
Yeah. So, so the the tenant mix has been
changing. Uh not to say banks are not uh
interested in Hong Kong, but those banks
who who should have been Hong Kong are
already in Hong Kong, but we see a a
signed coming back from uh from uh uh
from the alternate funds, not the chenzo
long only funds, you know.
>> Okay. Uh and is it mostly
international funds or are you talking
more China? I mean, what's what's sort
of the mix now in terms of tenants now?
I would say the the new tenants most of
them are international funds. Yeah,
maybe because there's a a late catch up
of of the emerging market uh stock
market and of course IPO is doing well
and we do see some uh first tier uh
capital market lawyers coming back too.
Yeah, we we have some law firms in uh in
the Henderson.
>> Is it likely to stem sort of this fall
in rents that we're seeing in the
central district?
>> Yes, I think so. But uh let's see. Uh
but but actually because there's so many
three new uh buildings in in the
central. So uh so I think it's uh I
cannot say it's too representative is is
quite unique at the moment because most
the buildings are maybe 20 years old. So
>> so that's the uh the difference. I think
>> we were talking in the break that you're
a bit more positive when it comes to the
residential side of this property
market. Why and how so?
>> Okay. uh for residential uh I think we
are seeing the bottoming out of uh of
prices and for this year uh uh demand is
uh coming back with uh these new uh
migration laws and uh if you I look at
some statistics you'll probably see uh
these uh uh new uh new tenants uh are
coming back uh they they probably
compose 30 to 40% of new home buyers uh
uh those uh we look at names with
different translation uh of their
phonetics compared to Hong Kong Hong
Kong
>> are mostly from the mainland then
>> I would say so but also because there's
a coming back of uh uh expatriates so
you see actually uh rental pop up
residential rental pop up so there's
some investor return to the high end of
the uh of of the uh residential
potential investment market uh uh this
was and also we uh other than the
mainland experties we all see some uh
foreign expatriies coming back
>> uh we have a government policy address
that's coming up this month as well
there are expectations of maybe some
sort of stimulus coming to the property
market in particular the discussions
about the easing to support mainlanders
to buy residential properties here this
so-called property connect
>> yes
>> in some ways this kind of closed loop
sort of system like mechanism.
What what have you heard so far? And and
you know if we see something like this
in place, do you think this would be
enough to turn around the residential
property market?
>> We do not know more than you know. Uh
but of course there if you look at
analyst report and so on, there's
expectation. Uh but overall we also are
expecting some uh tax uh relief for
small uh small UD buyers too. Uh uh so
uh here or there there should be some uh
some good news but uh the property
connect is if it happen to look at what
kind of uh coder uh of course st connect
has a coder and so uh uh other than the
measures the coder and who is eligible
and what is the lum they can uh they can
uh transmit out uh to Hong Kong is also
so important. So that's lot of a lot of
talking but that's uh is still highly
uncertain.
>> Do you think this property market will
be increasingly dependent on mainland
buyers then to support it?
>> I I think so even looking at today as I
just mentioned uh for 30 to 40% of uh uh
uh new buyers uh the the the transition
of their names show that they they are
probably uh newcomers. How do you change
how does that change the landscape of
this market then?
>> I I would say from my own personal
reading is uh they prefer new homes. Um
actually in Hong Kong the the uh the the
building are quite difference uh between
uh buildings uh built uh after uh uh
2020 after the co because now most of
the new homes have uh uh work from home
uh features. new buyers are are not uh
uh big buyers in the secondary market.
So I think they they actually are more
yeah
new force in the in the new new homes
rather than the secondary market.
>> I got to ask you about highore. We've
seen fluctuations. Yes. Um now we're
we're back above 3% but certainly it was
low for for some time. The Fed is about
to assume to be resuming its rate cut
cycle as well.
>> Yeah. How do these fluctuations in
hiberore impact your finances?
>> Oh, okay. uh actually for the first half
already we show that where we have a 1%
saving or of interest expense compared
to uh uh 2024 but of course the second
the second half is more optimistic
because we have enjoyed very low weight
between May to July though it was too
short but it's still okay and we have
been uh the we have been reluctant we
cut the white time we we are we are the
first uh developer coming back to the
convertible market and I got 8 billion
Hong Kong dollar and half% for three to
five years. So uh uh in terms of
interest face interest uh interest
saving I think we we probably show some
uh good gain this year.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned a very successful
uh convertible bond issuance there. I'm
just wondering then should we expect
similar moves like that in the future
for Henderson
>> as a financier and expander? I would say
uh other developers probably will look
at this very seriously and they would uh
they will try to issue really uh market
driven of course interest rate coming up
uh quite a lot maybe half% uh compared
to the time I issue but it's still very
attractive for developers.
>> Andrew we got to leave it there but
thank you so much for joining us
Henderson Land CFO joining us here.
>> Bring it back to you uh later on in the
show as well. We'll be speaking with
Hungan International Group as well. This
is about the price war in China's
consumer and hygiene product industry.
So certainly a lot to talk about the
consumption story in China and what
they're seeing in terms of price wars,
anti-involution as well and of course
the silver economy. Martin Lee joins us
coming up in the next hour. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
We have some breaking news this morning
from Thailand where we've been awaiting
the decision from Thailand's largest
political party. This is the People's
Party and we're awaiting a decision on
who they would be backing as Thailand's
next prime minister or the person to
back as as the new leader of the
country. We have got an announcement
from the People's Party that they're
backing Anutin Shani Rakul. Uh he is
perhaps poised to lead the next
government. He is a conservative
politician and he's someone as well
that's pledged to call elections within
months of course to try and end this
political uncertainty caused by the
sacking of prime minister Pyong Tan
Shinowat Anutin's father he's someone
who briefly served as the caretaker
leader in 2008 but he had said as late
as Friday of last week that he had the
support of enough lawmakers to become
prime minister. Uh this is the decision
of course we just got from Thailand's
largest political party in the last few
minutes here but that is there you can
see the taibart fairly steady right now
and we haven't seen too much reaction.
This of course the benchmark opening in
another hour or so. But some other
headlines that we're tracking today. The
Fed Governor Lisa Cook's lawyer says
President Trump's move to ouster is
based only on cut and paste claims of
mortgage fraud in social media posts. In
a series of court filings, Cook's
attorney argued Trump lacked valid
grounds to fire Cook for cause. He also
said social media posts by Federal
Housing Finance Agency Director Bill
Pulu and a criminal referral to the DOJ
didn't give Cook a chance to respond
before she was fired.
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson is
reportedly planning to start interviews
on Friday for his successor to Jerome
Pal. That's according to a Wall Street
Journal report which says there are 11
contenders including Fed governors Chris
Waller and Michelle Bowman. Following
the interviews, Vessent plans to
recommend a final list of candidates to
President Trump.
Alphabet shares surged after the bell
following a US judge's ruling that
Google won't have to sell Chrome, but
must share some search data with rivals.
The judge also banned Google from
exclusive search deals, but allowed it
to continue making payments to third
parties. Google's flagged privacy
concerns over the antitrust ruling and
says it does not monopolize the online
search sector.
Taking a look at markets this morning as
we have China's military parade just
getting underway this morning. Defense
stocks were actually seeing these
declining across the board here this
morning. But you do want to put it in
the context of the big moves we've seen
this morning because a gauge for
instance from Goldman Sachs that tracks
the sector broadly has has has risen
nearly 40% this year. But today we are
seeing these under pressure as we
actually see footage now of of China
also showcasing its its different
weapons uh for for land sea and air use.
So that is what we see there for defense
stocks. But let's take a look also
broadly across Asian markets or Chinese
markets this morning because we do see
the CSI 300 and the Hen managing to stay
in the green today. Of course, we can
expect we were just speaking with Winnie
Shu before, but but generally around
major events like this, we wouldn't
expect too much downside pressure. If
anything, we'll continue to see gains
and perhaps a slight correction as as in
a few days from now. But uh in terms of
the PMI data, we just had that from
Rating Dog coming out for services.
Also, composite readings here. You can
see those at the bottom of the screen,
but but largely sort of in track of what
we saw in the month prior. And also
keeping an eye what's happening with
yields this morning given we've seen a
lot of moves at the end of the curve.
The Treasury 30-year for instance
tracking near that 5% mark but concerns
around fiscal deficit the health of that
and the discipline of of governments as
well to reign in their spending
worldwide. More ahead this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Today,
humanity again has to choose between
peace and war, dialogue and
confrontation,
win-win cooperation and zero sum game.
The Chinese people firmly stand on the
right side of history and the progress
of human civilization.
We will remain committed to the path of
peaceful development and join hands with
all peoples around the world and
building a community with a shared
future for humanity.
[Music]
>> That was the Chinese president Xi
Jinping speaking earlier there before
signaling or before signaling rather the
start of a military parade that marks
the end or 80 years since the end of
World War II. But welcome back to the
China show this morning and taking a
look at the CSI 300 half an hour into
the session this morning. We've seen it
pulling off the the sort of highs of the
day, but very muted trading in either
direction. We have been looking of
course at the different sectors that are
very much in focus today. As you can see
there on the left hand side the the
military parade that's ongoing in Taiwan
and this showcase that we're seeing of
China's military modernization
rather this morning and and the
capabilities that they're continuing to
expand not just for lit land rather but
also for the sea and the air. So perhaps
closing the gap with the US the most
formidable military power in the world.
But that is what we take a look there
for the CSI 300. The big focus has been
on defense stocks for instance, robotics
companies, other defense related firms
as well today. But let's take a look
what we see across the board for China
benchmarks today because actually we're
seeing better performance in eight
shares instead. We've got the Hen for
instance rising half% and some
bullishness continuing to go into tech
stocks in particular. You can see the
tech gauge there again managing to h
hang on in in the green territory as
well. Commodities also that big focus
because we do see the likes of of
Shanghai crude for instance iron ore as
well uh posting some gains as we start
the day but Asia exchina I mean it's
it's also sort of a similar story in the
session today we're seeing some sort of
muted moves really across the board big
focus really in what we're seeing in in
the bond space in particular at the long
end of the curve concerns around fiscal
health Fed independence certainly
playing into that and so we have seen
really huge moves in yields higher. The
5-year yield for instance very close to
that 5% mark and something that a lot of
investors of are really paying very
close attention to as you see gold for
instance another big uh sort of
beneficiary out of that expectations
around Fed easing but also questions
around the Fed and fiscal health as
well.
>> Yep. And it really started in Europe and
it has gone a bit global here right now.
And of course, we're watching very
closely that 30-year yield, whether it
does approach that 5% level as well. And
what sort of, you know, message that
sends to markets there, is it going to
send to more wobbles in the equity
market and the like. But, you know,
moving along now and getting back to our
top story with this military parade,
right? You mentioned about the defense
stocks, right? They've been up double
digits uh there in the last up and
coming few weeks as well leading up to
this big event in the political calendar
as well. We're we're seeing a bit of a
sell-off here today. Perhaps some profit
taking, but certainly we have seen
glimpses of some of the new hardware in
the parade so far. Let's cross over to
Stephen Engel in Beijing, our chief
North Asia correspondent who is joining
us there from Tamman Square on on what
you've seen so far on the ground, Steve.
>> Well, I'm seeing the military hardware
parade past us right now. Uh the rocket
force uh parade is passing our section
here in the north stand now. We're
seeing uh certain u uh ICBM rocket
launchers initially now smaller cruise
missiles are coming by. One thing that
we observers, military observers have
seen when Xiinping rode uh down Chan
here addressing the troops. Uh they see
a number of new
Steve. I think we're just having a few
issues with the connection there. That
was our chief North Asia correspondent
Steven Angel on the ground for us in TN
Beijing rather as this military parade
gets underway this morning. You can see
here these images of of China really
showcasing the the strength and its
military modernization. We've seen
various weapons here being being shown
for the crowds and and really a show of
force for China on the global spa stage
and you've already seen that initial
reaction from President Trump this
morning for instance. Yes, wishing
President Xi a a a a a good day, but but
also referencing other world leaders in
attendance, notably Vladimir Putin, Kim
Jong-un and and also accusing them of
conspiring against the US. But let's get
bring in our guest this morning. This is
Hiao, senior fellow of Institute of
World Economics and Politics at the
Chinese Academy of Social Science,
joining us now from Beijing this
morning. And and Dr. Jao, thanks very
much for joining us. Let's start with
with this military parade. Of course,
the types of of weapons that are being
showcased. What point do you think China
is is trying to make to the world here?
>> Well, first of all, thank you for having
me. Uh I think there are a number of
points that China wanted to express. Uh
number one uh China is showcasing all
this new uh military hardware showing
that China is at the forefront of the uh
military revolution uh that is going on
right now after particularly after the
outbreak of the uh Ukraine Russian war.
And secondly, China is showing that
China has the ability to defend its
interest not only near China but also
globally because you see all these long
range missiles that are uh capable of
reaching the far end of the world. And
thirdly, I think it's very important uh
there are international guests present
at the TMAN square. All this uh hardware
is trying to give them the confidence
that China can back up uh our friends
around the world.
>> And so I mean are there any weapons in
in particular that stand out to you?
because we we do see for instance China
is making advancements perhaps in land
capabilities but but they are behind in
other areas naval power for instance is
is one that stands out.
>> Yeah. Uh first of all there is general
upgrade from 2019 uh military parade. Uh
because you can see all the numbers are
upgraded to B or C level. That means not
only untype uh ship missiles uh cruisers
uh and also air defense missiles uh but
also intercontinental missiles that are
all upgraded. Uh one of the things that
international media might uh right right
now is focused on is the Dong or DF61
because last time we saw is Dongfong 41
and then in 2020 there's Dong 51. Uh
this time around I think 61 must be
another upgrade uh that probably has a
longer range because 41 has the range of
over 14,000 kilometers and also China
test uh one of those missiles I think
last uh uh intercontinental missiles
last year. Uh so this is very strategic
weapon that has a strategic deterrence
uh and area and also other aerial denial
uh messages going out. And secondly, I
think uh one of the important things
that might be missing is the general
upgrade uh of the uh uh cyber security
and also uh uh unmanned vehicles that is
going uh through Tiana Square right now
because many of those weapons has shown
uh big capabilities in the battleground
uh and also China is trying to keep up
with the u uh uh latest trend on the
battleground.
What about the the world leaders that
are in attendance here today? I mean, of
course, perhaps most notable, it's not
just Vladimir Putin, but also Kim
Jong-un. What what sort of message as
well is that sending, do you think?
Uh well uh first of all this military
parade's purpose from the official
position of course is to remember uh
China's sacrifice during World War II
and also trying to show that China will
keep on the road of peace uh on its
rise. However, if you look at the U
guests that are attending this
particular event, it shows that there
are countries in
are resisting the US bullying of quoting
President's word from the Shanghai
corporation organization just now. Uh so
it shows that there are many countries
right now is under the pressure from the
United States and the show of unity uh
on this particular event means that uh
China will show support uh of those
countries that are uh under illegal uh
pressures or you know from the United
States or from the west and will
continue to uh uh champion a new global
or international order of global
governance that will be fairer and uh uh
uh more inclusive uh in the future.
future.
>> Dr. J, I I have to wonder what we saw
this week is is not just, you know, the
pageantry we're seeing in this military
parade. It's it's the the limousine
diplomacy and what we're seeing uh from
the SEO as well with Modi, Putin, Kim
Jong-un all in attendance uh in China
this week. Can we call this some sort of
strategic reset in some ways or do you
think this is more of a tactical sort of
move that we're seeing here uh to
counter of course what we've been seeing
with the US world glo world world order
>> I don't think this is tactical this is
strategic and this is global we we've
seen a global rearrange of orders in the
past uh uh almost the past decade u and
from a president's speech we heard he's
saying that uh the world is at the
crossroad and there's a question of war
and peace and there is still danger
around the world that there will be more
conflict coming. So I think uh at this
particular moment China is calling not
only calling for uh a more uh uh
reformed international order but also
trying to move forward uh with this
international order in partner with all
the major global south countries
including like India uh and many other
brick countries. uh and the and at this
particular moment to have uh President
Putin on the left hand side and also uh
Kim Jong-un on the right is also a
remembrance of history because in World
War II China and the Soviet Union and
Korean fighters are all against the
Japanese imperialism. So there's a
historical uh connotation as well.
>> Dr. J, one of the the the most
interesting responses so far this
morning has been from President Trump
who was on his own social media channel
accusing like essentially President Xi
Putin and also Kim Jong-un of conspiring
against the US.
What do you make of of the that reaction
that we had from him?
>> Actually, I would like to see him uh at
the Tan Square right now. Um I think
China probably extended the invitation.
Um but uh unfortunately he's meeting uh
has other arrangement on able to come.
Uh but China and the United States uh
are partners in World War II against
Japanese imperialism. It's very
important to remember that history and
very important to look uh forward to
establish principles between the two
countries. So when President Trump is uh
writing those Twitter or or those
messaging u uh you know trying to show
some sarcasm uh it's not actually
showing American strength. It's uh
showing that uh he is disappointed or
isolated or uh unhappy about the
situation. uh but uh no matter what his
opinion is uh the result is that at this
moment uh his actions is uh uh uh
actually uh having a global reaction and
now we're seeing it at this particular
moment in Tam Square.
>> Uh Dr. But yeah, there there's a lot of
talk of this pipeline deal that was
signed or at least announced between
China and Russia and and it certainly
raised a lot of questions uh as well
because China has been quite reluctant
to kind of increase its dependence on on
Russian energy for some time. What do
you think the rationale is behind that
here given especially we're seeing what
what India is facing with the US and
tariffs now too due to their reliance on
Russian oil?
uh or there are twofold. One is that
China and Russia has been pursuing this
deal uh for many years. Uh and this at
this particular moment, I think the time
is right. The the opportunity is good
for the two countries to finally uh uh
reaching this final deal. Uh and
secondly, of course, uh when President
Trump was pressuring uh India and
particularly using tariff as as a weapon
against India, it increased the urgency
of great countries to cooperate on the
energy front. You can see that from the
Shanghai cooperation organization uh
statements and and at this point when
China increased its cooperation with
Russia sending a very clear message to
the world that uh uh all these countries
is not going to change its behavior
under pressure and uh I I think the
world needs to move forward uh with many
of the current issues particularly how
to reach peace uh in uh Russia Ukraine
instead of just using unilateral uh
tools to to fight against to pressure uh
indiv individual countries.
>> Yeah, I guess so that's that's obviously
the big aim is is to bring peace, but
but in the meantime, I mean, as you
said, we do see an environment of of
rising geopolitical tensions and and the
risks of of war are always heightening.
So the big unknown for for for China
really in particular is is its ability
to fight or win a major conflict and and
that does not just require new weapons
but but it also requires the ability of
the different military departments to
work together and also battle fighting
experience which of course China hasn't
been engaged in in live combat for for
decades. So what do you think we get
today in terms of any signals of
progress on on that front? the
capabilities and also the strategy front
as well.
>> Well, uh compare uh to 10 uh a decade
ago 2015, presidency declared that China
will cut uh 300,000 personnel from its
military and uh continue to strive for
military modernization. And today what
we saw is not just individual hot
military hardware but a very
comprehensive fighting capability and a
comprehensive system uh including uh uh
you know uh command surveillance
intelligence command uh and control
systems. uh so the showcasing of this
individual uh cry hardware can combine
into a complete system that show uh
China's adversaries uh that China has
the ability not only stopping aggression
on land but also in the sea in the air
uh in the cyber space and in many other
fighting spaces. So this is very much a
modernized Chinese military and it's not
only playing catch-up but now in many uh
cases are in the lead particularly uh in
the uh unmanned vehicle area. So if you
look at the parade there's not only UAVs
uh aerial vehicle but also uh submarines
unmanned submarines uh that are
showcased here um in so if you combine
the missiles uh you know the very
advanced air defense system including
laser systems uh and uh you know
combined with the the cyber and air um
uh systems you can see that China has a
complete uh defense system instead of
you know compared to decades ago China
has only very limited
uh um defense capability on limited
areas. So now I think the next step is
very important because uh China and US
now in a competition for the next uh uh
generation technology particularly at
the artificial intelligence. So this
particular parade does not show how
artificial intelligence uh sort of uh
woven into the next uh generation of
military warf fighting. However, I think
the both countries are uh you know
having a severe competition in these
areas.
>> Hi, really great to have you with us
this morning. That was Hijou there,
senior fellow of Institute of World
Economics and Politics at the Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences. And just as
we've been speaking here, I mean keeping
a very close watch on defense stocks
this morning because we have actually
seen them under pressure. I mean perhaps
a little bit of profit taking. Investors
have also been recently flagging
concerns around the visibility of of
orders because of course we have seen a
number of countries signaling their
intention to buy Chinese military
equipment, but it's actually unclear
right now how many of those orders have
been placed. But this military parade a
big opportunity for for China to
showcase its military prowess to the
world. Still ahead on the China show,
we're also going to be looking at
China's consumer sector with fresh tea
maker guming amid an intense price war
in the sector as well. We'll have more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
You're watching the China show and
taking a look at what's happening in the
bond space this morning. It's really
that bigger focus we see at the longer
end of the curve. Yes, you're you're
sort of seeing I mean some moves higher
here, particularly in in Australia, of
course, and and Japan 10-year yield, but
it has been that big focus on the the US
30-year yield and and its its
counterparts at this at this end of of
the curve because we're continuing to
track it heading back close to that 5%
mark. Lots of concerns around fiscal
health uh and and the outlook for for
government spending as well. Fed
independence playing into the picture.
But let's get more with our MI
strategist Mark Cranfield who joins us
from Singapore this morning. And Mark, I
mean, we came into September and and we
knew that the longdated bonds could
maybe be facing not such a great month
just looking back on a historical basis,
but it seems sort of like it's been
supercharged these fears just even in
the last 24 hours.
>> Yes. I mean, you've got a number of
things coming uh back together here. So,
trading desks uh are now more fully
staffed. There are a lot of vacations
obviously during the August period. So
people have come back, it's a fresh
month. Uh they've got less risk exposure
than they would have cut down quite a
bit probably during August and they got
fresher books here. They can attack the
the really big themes which they see
going on around the world. And what's
developing here is that you increasingly
hear governments around the world, they
want to spend more money. fiscal
deficits are likely to worsen and
investors read that as meaning there's
going to be more long bond issues
wherever you are in the in the G10
space. So even like today we have the
Australian uh GDP data only slightly
higher than expectations and yet bond
investors are so cautious about any
negative reading at all in the news that
they're pushing Australian yields
higher. In turn we're seeing it across
other markets as well. So it's just
fueling on one thing after another. And
it's particularly concerning because
it's happening from the 10-year sector
and longer. So instead of the curve
steepening, say between two and 10
years, we're seeing steepening between
10, 20s, 30s, and 40year parts of the
curve. And that's much harder to to rein
in, particularly when you've got
companies around the world issuing huge
amounts of corporate debt. This week has
already been one of the busiest weeks of
the year for issuing new bonds and
investors clearly prefer what they see,
the metrics that they see in the
corporate space. They're more reassured
that those companies have it under
control and governments do not. So it's
even more difficult to sell government
bonds when people prefer to put their
money into slightly higher yielding
corporate bonds which they feel are
actually at the moment offering them a
safe safer place to be than the
government. this how this ends really is
up to to governments to show that
they're going to re in their deficits
and there's no sign of that for the time
being and that's why traders are so
negative especially on the very long end
of the curve
>> and I'm I'm wondering as well I mean we
came into the day with this Wall Street
Journal report about uh Bessant starting
Fed chair interviews as soon as this
Friday I mean how does that sort of also
play into question marks not just about
Fed independence but the direction of
rates as well.
>> Well, one of the things that we saw um
earlier in the year when Jerome Pal
himself was coming under a lot of
pressure from President Trump and other
people about his position, we saw it
particularly being taken out in the
30-year US Treasury yield went up to 5%
since came down a bit and it's traveling
back in that direction again. In the
meantime, the narrative seems to have
changed. It's not just about the Fed
chairman. It's about replacing as many
people as possible on the Federal
Reserve. And investors don't like it.
They don't like the idea that the hard
one independence of the central bank,
the transparency around policym is being
threatened and that's what's hurting the
long end of the US Treasury curve.
>> Mark, really great to have you this
morning. That was our MI strategist Mark
Granfield there and we'll have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the headlines that we're
tracking this morning and Jane Street's
$10.1 billion haul in second quarter net
trading revenue has beat out all of the
biggest banks to set a Wall Street
record. Sources tell Bloomberg the sales
figure more than doubled from a year
earlier, also pushing Jane Street's
first half totals to a record. Trading
volumes have been elevated since
President Trump announced a raft of
global tariffs as investors rushed to
reposition their portfolios.
Bloomberg has learned Tesla's Indian
market debut has underwhelmed so far
with orders for about 600 cars since mid
July. Sources say those numbers are
short of Tesla's own expectations. The
EV maker now plans to ship only 350 to
500 cars to India this year. Tesla is
struggling with high import tariffs
which have priced even its entry-level
model well out of reach of most Indian
consumers.
Taking a look at Chinese defense stocks
this morning because we have seen these
pulling back across the board even as
China holds its military parade in
Beijing this morning. We've just seen a
flyover for instance, but all of its
military equipments, its upgrades being
focused or showcased. Lots of questions
though around the order pipeline for
some of these makers as they start to
report their earnings. But more ahead,
this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Continue to watch, of course, live
pictures out of Beijing here this
morning where that military parade is
underway that you see it. The thousands
of balloons in the sky here right now. I
believe there's tens of thousands or
even up to 80,000 according to our T
live blog of doves that are waiting to
be released at the end of this parade.
And certainly it's been one of fanfare
of pageantry of what we've seen so far
of China's military might and weaponry.
Uh we have seen already things like the
JL3 an intercontinental range submarine
launch ballistic missile uh which is of
quite of importance there uh but
certainly does show that China has all
three legs of a nuclear triad whether
it's air ground and sea launch nuclear
missiles. So that certainly is the
symbol of power as a lot of military
experts have highlighted as well what
they were looking out for in this parade
here today. And of course forest equity
markets are slightly seeing a bit of a a
pullback here. Maybe it's the wobbles
that we're seeing in the bond market,
but certainly seeing a little bit more
red on the on the board here today. Bel.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, we've seen
downward pressure really for for Asia
Pacific stocks, but pretty mutter moves
as well. Most of the action is in the
bond space and we've been continuing to
watch that global bond rally, but we've
seen treasuries for instance the 30-year
touching or near that 5% mark. Uh what's
been really notable as well, not just at
the military parade, it's been the
reaction that's also come from President
Trump and what he's posted on his true
social platform this morning. Really
taking aim at President Xi, but also
Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, and
accusing the three of them of conspiring
against the United States of America. So
you can see here this post in full. He
did wish President Xi a a a good day,
but but certainly taking aim and and
it's just a reminder of the lingering
tensions between the two sides and and
the purpose as well of this military
parade for China, which is to showcase
the modernization of its military and as
you said, Ivon, not just the the land
capabilities, but also what it can do in
the sea and in the air. But let's of
course head back. It's a very busy event
day for us and we're live from the
Goldman Sachs Asia Leaders Conference in
Hong Kong. Bloomberg's Averil Hong is
standing by with our next guest. Averil.
>> Yeah, Bal. Just hearing you there
talking about the markets is interesting
the backdrop of tariffs. We're seeing
some of these macroeconomic risks for
China. We want to talk about some of the
consumption related names particularly
in the tea sector. Joining us now
exclusively is GMing CFO George M. Uh so
really good to see you George. Uh first
off, we're seeing this as a sector that
is being shaped by price wars, subsidy
wars, and some of these new consumption
trends. What are you seeing among the
food delivery giants, their pricing
competition? How is that impacting sales
volumes for your franchises? Yeah. So,
initially I think it really started in
April, like the second half of April,
but then it really went into full-blown
kind of war in um June and then last
into July and August. I think uh you
know this is something that we cannot
control and they're fighting for market
share. Of course, we don't want to see
all these kind of irrational price wars
because it drives uh people into online
channels and some people just they don't
really need this uh product. they they
they probably won't be able to afford
that but because of this exceptionally
low price or even free uh to for them to
to take that. So a lot of irrational
demand I think in the long run it may
not stay. So uh we and then in terms of
if you look at from the franchisees
perspective a lot of people their margin
are hurt because they also need to
provide all these subsidies although the
volume is up but the margin is down. So
um if you consider all these two
countering factors um some of these
franchises they're complaining that
although the the volumes are up a lot
but they also need to hire more people
to do this and it's really it's a
tiresome thing but then they're not
making money.
>> I guess at the end of the day who's
really benefiting is the consumers
because of cheaper tea. But you talk
about the franchises, the pressures that
they face, right? Could you put some
numbers to it in terms of how their
bottom line is likely to be affected?
>> Yeah. So if you think about the the the
P&L of the franchises, not the listed
company of the headquarters, I think um
we we just don't have the numbers from
other brands, but for our own brands, I
think the volume is is up and then the
the margin is down slightly. So today
the volume uh the increased volume will
still uh be more than offset the the the
the slightly decreased margin but then
you just mentioned that the consumers
are winning. It's actually a lot of
people say that more consumers are
getting diabetes something like that. So
they're also like a victim to this uh to
this war. Yeah.
>> What sort of assumptions are you making
in your projections for the year ahead
as these subsidy wars continue?
>> Yeah. So a lot of people uh say this
will sub subside you know very quickly
but our assumption is we're not going to
uh disappear anytime soon. Maybe it will
come in a different manner right so I
think in July like every Saturday these
two or three platform they fight each
other in a very big way but then I think
heading into uh August and September
this thing kind of normalize. So it tend
to be every Saturday big big war but
then it it it becomes like Mondays to
Sunday you have maybe personalized um
discount and subsidies so it's become
more subtle but then if you count the
total amount they spend on all these
competition I think it's not going to
you know decrease anytime soon.
The strategy for Kuming has primarily
focused on the smaller townships and the
cities. You're looking to make a bigger
push into the higher tier cities. How
how aggressively and in which cities?
>> Actually, you know, our ambition of
course is going to go to be everywhere
in China and and beyond. Um so yes,
you're right that I think in the past
and also currently our priority is still
in lower tier cities or even not really
cities is is counties, towns and
townships. uh I I think mainly because
those places we have a higher
competitive edge over our competitors.
So those places are of higher priority
to us. But then going forward we're not
going to avoid all the so-called first
tier cities or or top tier cities in in
fact we're already in Shenzhen or we're
already in Guanjo two of the four first
tier cities. So we're yet to be in
Shanghai and Beijing. Uh I I think
probably Shanghai will be next year and
Beijing maybe
>> second half
haven't decided yet. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And Beijing is you said
>> probably a year after that or so. So So
Beijing because you know if you look at
the expansion strategy of ours it's not
like we're going to go directly to the u
northeastern part of China without going
through the the central part of China.
So or or or Beijing. So you we're not
going to just soal air drop to all these
areas. We're going to be like a like a
ground force and then going from Yeah.
>> slowly eating your way through China. Uh
what about abroad? I mean you talked
about Hong Kong potentially beyond Hong
Kong where and what sort of timeline are
we looking at?
>> Yeah. So that's um again it's not our
priority today but we we do have that in
mind. So uh if we are going to go abroad
of course um Hong Kong will be the first
stop and it will be a test ground for us
because you know the rent is high the uh
labor cost is quite high. So you do need
more automation you know you cannot rely
a lot on just hiring more people to do
the manual jobs right and then maybe
Singapore next. But I I think in the
long run it's a a lot of these our
competitors or or you know bubble tea
players in China they they like for
example Southeast Asia because it's is
closer to to China and maybe all this
culture is a little bit uh similar but
then I I think uh in the long run we we
we definitely will need to go to places
like uh the US and Europe but also Latin
American could be a very interesting
market for us.
>> So that's a near to longer term view.
>> Yeah that will be like five years out.
So uh we do think that this uh you know
tea drinking or bubble tea drinking
culture is uh very predominant in China
today. It's not it's less so in other
parts of the world. So it definitely
takes time even in China in mainland
China it takes I think three decades now
to to reach uh what is it is today. So
it takes a lot of different efforts, a
lot of different uh brands, not just one
single brand. And I think it's
definitely at least a decade long effort
to make people uh see that as a as a you
know, as a lifestyle, as a everyday
habit. Yeah. Yeah.
>> You talk about as well earlier some of
these new consumption trends, right? How
has that been supportive for the
business in terms of maybe emotional
buying of of of tea and that drinking
culture that's come up really?
>> Yeah. So, if you think about tea
drinking, it really dates back to a very
long time ago. But then nowadays for
young people, you know, if you do this
very traditional pure tea, some people
think it's just like pure coffee in
China, it's the same thing, right? If
you drink just black coffee, like we
think the entry barrier is too high for
for young people to do that. So the
first step you probably just do maybe
for for coffee you do latte you do some
flavored coffee and for tea it's the
same thing you do bubble tea to make
them to you know more acceptable to the
young people and then over time when
they grow grow older right they they
will pro probably some a lot of them
will actually migrate to like less sugar
less milk but more pure coffee or pure
tea so by the way we are also offering
coffee in our shops now so most of our I
would say um moving
>> along with these consumer needs as well
and what the market is demanding.
>> George, been really nice to chat with
you. Thank you so much for sharing more
about your plans for the business. We
got to go unfortunately. Thanks so much.
GMing CFO George for us. Bel
>> April. Yeah, really great interview
there and just hearing that guming as
you said probably going to be opening in
Shanghai next year. Just one of the
highlights, but we'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We are continuing our coverage of the
PMP Paraba Global Markets at APAC
conference here and joining me now is
Martin Lee, CFO of Honang International
Group. They are the one of the biggest
manufacturers when it comes to hygiene
products, tissues, diapers, and the like
here. Martin Lee joins us here uh in a
very loud conference here right now. But
thank you so much for bearing with the
noise, Martin. But obviously there's
been a lot. We were just talking to
Guming uh from the Goldman Sachs about
price wars that we're seeing in the
consumer space. You guys are certainly
feeling that right now when it comes to
hygiene products also. How fierce has it
been? Yeah, thank you. I think that's uh
I really admit that actually over the
past few years time the price
competition is very fierce but when we
enter into this here I would say about
this price competition more motorized
and actually more stabilized I think
really thanks about the anti-involutions
and measures that implement by the main
China government but also actually I
think and the second fact is about that
is the bottom mouth because actually a
lot of the companies really need to earn
money to survive in this kind of
environment and secondly most
importantly is that the main China
customer demand for better quality
products and demand for better quality
products, demand for higher cost of raw
materials, higher cost of production.
Definitely you need to rise the ASP as
well. So in the long run, I would expect
that the price will grow up. Yeah.
>> So you're you're you're calling the end
of this price war in some ways. I I
would I would expected that actually be
more long-term and more progressively
because I need to admit that right now a
lot of the uh platform not only
supermarket e-commerce platform from
some of some social media platform they
really can buy our products. So there's
a lot of the channels to during the
price competition but what I'm saying is
right now is that it's bought them out.
So there's still a certain level of
pricing or competitions that you need to
insert a discount products but in the
longer run because the people demand for
better quality products the ASB will
grow accordingly just like our result in
the first half we actually have a ASB
increase as well. Yeah.
>> What does it mean in terms of capex the
like? I mean obviously I think your your
earnings you have to spend a lot of
marketing advertising and the like. Are
we likely to have to spend more to
defend your market share or or do you
think that moving forward things might
subside a little bit more? I need to
admit that we need to spend more money.
I mean in the past that you maybe only
spending on some advertising various
traditional tra advertising but right
now we need to spend a lot of money to
high KS uh in different channels
throughout products. This is really a
new normal but what we are thinking is
that we spend the money we calculate the
return. So at the end of the day what we
are digital spending will not be in
impact a lot of our profitability. So
this is something that we we need to get
used to yet. Gross margins. Can I expect
those to contract less? Actually, can we
see things look better? I mean, what are
you expecting in terms of the margin
impact?
>> I expected that the GB margin will
continuously improve because as I
mentioned earlier, uh we are producing a
better quality, more premium products to
our customers. These products will have
a high speed and we'll have a higher GP
margin. And this kind of higher GP
margin will be able we believe that in
the long run we'll be able to offset the
expansive we spend. So hopefully that
the GP margin will improve gradually.
>> Consolidation. Can I expect that in in
the face of these price wars here and
are you interested in any sort of M&A
and the like here right now?
>> I totally correct that the market
consolidation will happen just take for
example because for example some market
data showing that the big players
including us only occupying 30% of the
market share in mainland China tissue
market. So actually there's a big room
to grow in terms of market share and we
have seen this kind of trend for the big
players including us over the past two
years time. So market consumption will
happen but for ourselves our strategy is
to going organically. So we are building
up additional capacity some new cap
packs to spending our machineries rather
than acquiring some other companies in
mainland China. So organically we will
expect some gain market share. the
government has been promoting or talking
about consumption related initiatives,
right? Whether it's child subsidies or
you know fees for partial waiverss for
preschool education fees and the like
here. Do you think that these measures
are going to do anything in terms of
moving the need and boosting
consumption? Yeah, I think that's we
will as I mentioned you know mid to long
run we are very confident on that one
and we see some picking up in terms of
our baby related products and this is
actually reflecting most importantly is
that your products is premium. So first
of all we need to produce a premium baby
direct products with a a good price and
then with the consumption uh support
subsidized from the government I I
believe that this will be a long-term
growth. How do you see the competition
between international brands and
mainland Chinese brands evolving over
time?
>> I I would say that uh what I observed
over the past few years time indeed the
local brands in mainland China are
really picking up and sometimes is
actually uh gaining market share of the
international brands. I think that this
is from a various angle. First is about
the increase enhancement of the quality
of products that many China brands are
producing. So that's one of the thing
that can gain the market share. Second
is that the use of different this kind
of new media so social media and
e-commerce media and engaging some K. I
think many China brands are very used to
doing that. So I I observe is that many
China uh brands are actually growing up
and getting marketing power then to
compete with some of the Kimberly Clarks
and the like there.
>> Uh I I I think that's most importantly
it's really the quality of the products
match those things. So with your quality
of the bus match thing, you really can
have the similar pricing strategies and
uh benchmark with this kind of
international brand.
>> Uh the next thing I know you we're
focusing on a lot of your time on is
adult diapers, the whole silver economy.
How big of an opportunity is that for
Hong Kong?
>> Uh I can share some market data right
now more than 60 years. So reaching
close to 300 million population already
and I expect that this population
continues to increase. So that's why and
also secondly is that there's a better
education during the co time to using
the aerody. So that's why I will
expected that over the past next uh
number of years there will be an
increase in the aerodyuse because of the
uh this kind of a diver that elderly
people using more.
>> Uh I I want to talk about international
expansion because you are looking very
much in Southeast Asia and Malaysia. you
certainly have uh you know your
investment in there and certainly
certainly as OEM but now you're looking
to expand a bit more what's the
rationale behind going into that that
region now
>> I think our group is uh taking more a
prudent and step-by-step approach
especially in this kind of environment
so actually we starting with something
that we very familiarize in Malaysia we
acquired a plan about 7 years ago and
actually starting at that point of time
is mainly OEM but actually is a really
good platform with a lot of good
channels and nearby countries. So that's
why we started to develop our brands in
Malaysia. Gradually selling in Malaysian
market and then gradually selling to
other nearby country like Singapore,
Thailand, uh etc. Yeah,
>> Martin, it's great to have you. Martin
Lee there, CFO of Hungan International
Group joining us here at the B&B Paraba
Global Markets APAC Conference. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Thailand's caretaker prime
minister has moved to dissolve
parliament. That comes as the country's
largest political party says it will
back conservative politician Anuin Shan
Vivaku's bid to form a government.
Bloomberg anchor has Linda Amin is in
Bangkok for us today and has I mean this
was sort of seen as Anutin was sort of
seen as the preferred candidate the one
most likely to emerge but but what do we
know about the latest on on what's
happening there on the ground?
>> Well, we know there is an alliance at
this point in time but if you speak to
people on the ground they say this
alliance could break at any time. It is
a fragile alliance. So there's not much
confidence that uh you know it is really
a significant step forward. Uh remember
as you said Anutin uh has been the man
at the four. Uh he has said time and
time and again that he had the support
that's needed. Uh this alliance though
came with a few strings attached that
parliament will be dissolved that
elections uh will be uh called as soon
as possible and by some calculation that
may happen in the second quarter of next
year. But remember, Thai politics, we've
been we've been here before many times
over. It is fragile. We've seen what
three prime ministers in two years.
We've seen five sitting prime ministers
um being ousted by the court.
Essentially, what this means is the
power actually lies in the hands of the
court. Six people decide the fate of the
country. Who holds power, who doesn't?
And despite this alliance, uh we we are
not certain that stability will come
through.
>> Yeah, as you say, right, we've been here
before and certainly uh when you talk
about political instability, um these
markets are certainly going to be very
sensitive to what goes on in the next
few days and months. What are policy
makers saying about this latest move?
Well, I think policy makers want
stability so that policies can actually
take place. Take uh for instance the
fiscal spending. I mean, you know, this
it's been so difficult to actually
implement just because there've been so
much political uncertainty and that's
the reason why uh foreign investors have
been making exit from the Thai market.
uh for greater perspective later on.
We'll be speaking in exclusive interview
with the B governor uh who will give his
perspective. He's the man who's been
under so much pressure to actually cut
rates uh while fighting inflation. So we
get a clear picture on uh policy going
forward.
>> Really great interviews coming up has
just in a few minutes from now. That was
our Bloomberg anchor there. has Linda
Amin in Bangkok and and also of course
that big focus in in the global debt
space as well concerns around fiscal
health, the inflation outlook, Fed
independence. It's certainly playing
into what we're seeing in yields this
morning because we continue to see that
that move higher really across the board
at the longer end of the curve. Very big
focus there on the on the Treasury
30-year yield close to that 5% mark.
Now, this is happening, of course, as
the other major event in China has been
underway this morning. The military
parade being held over the past couple
of hours. It has wrapped now with the
release of 80,000 doves. But defense
stocks very much in focus for us given
you have seen a rapid appreciation this
year. Some pullback today perhaps some
profit taking but earnings picture. The
outlook for global orders as well for
these defense names in focus as well.
Copper stocks that is moving in the
other direction today because we've seen
copper moving to a fivemon high. So you
can see there that picture. Plus travel
stocks are in focus because we've seen
just around this event uh China granting
Russian tourists visa-free entry to
China as well. So you can see there some
of those names, those travel names in
focus. The presence of of Russian
President Vladimir Putin, the presence
of Kim Jong-un at this military parade
has not gone unnoticed, of course, at
least by President Trump. And just to
end the show today with this post that
he's put online in the last couple of
hours as well, accusing China, Russia,
and North Korea of conspiring against
the USA. But we'll leave you with that
picture. Get more analysis ahead. You're
watching the China Show.
[Music]